can you guess what type of flooring
disease although it may look like some
of these more traditional floor
coverings it is truly new and innovative
introducing mannington a door with lock
solid technology this wood grain luxury
vinyl flooring is available in both 4
inch wide by 36 inch long and 5 inch
wide but 48 inch long planks the lock
solid technology is proprietary
mechanical locking profile that secures
the planks to each other eliminating the
need for adhesives staples or other
fasteners because these planks are
secured each other a door with lock
solid technology can be installed the
most rigid hard surface subfloors
including wood and wood composition
panels concrete and lightweight concrete
nearly all types of existing hard
surface flooring including ceramic tile
of course the substrate needs to be
clean dry and smooth which may require
the smoothing of ceramic tile grout
joints or other sup Larry tease with a
cement based floor patching compound
adder is intended to be installed an
indoor climate controlled environments
only as all plank products it's best to
run the long dimension of the plank in
the long dimension of the room and
parallel to any incoming sunlight
speaking of sunlight your door planks
like all other floor coverings must be
protected from direct exposure to harsh
sunlight since the adore plank is to be
installed as a floating floor be sure to
undercut all door casings and remove all
baseboards or plan on installing court
around to cover the expansion gap so
much planning will really make the
installation goes smoothly measure the
width of the room and divide by the
width of the plank to determine a
balanced lay out at the last plank will
be less than half a plank in with the
first row of planks will need to be cut
to accommodate even if the first row of
planks does not need to be cut trim off
the tongue profile so clean solid edges
toward the wall and both grooves are
positioned away from the wall this
requires that the product is installed
left to right place the prepared first
plank with the grooves facing away from
the wall insert the end tongue of the
second plank into the first
now cut a starter plank for the second
row with a low angle insert the tongue
into the groove the first plank play
spaces along the wall to maintain a five
sixteenth inch gap that all fixed
vertical surfaces now for the most
important part insert the short end
tongue of the second plank into the
groove of the first with the long side
tongue edge position just over the lip
of the groove working from the end seem
with a low angle insert the long tongue
of the group of the adjoining plank very
little force is required to seek the
tongue into the group when it's right
you'll feel the tongue lock into the
groove now just continue installing the
first rope followed by the second keep
these two rows straight and true if you
notice a slight gap even a few rows back
insert a scrap piece of flooring into
the groove of the outermost row and
generally tab with a tapping block and
hammer see the gap clothes with fitting
under door casings and when placing the
last row the flexibility and low angle
of connection of the lock solid product
will become evident if necessary a flat
pull bar or last board polar may be used
to assist in locking the planks that's
how it's done
while a door with lock solid technology
is tough accidents do happen if a plank
get stabbings and needs to be replaced
that's fairly easy to if the damaged
plank is along and there any walls
simply disconnect the planks back to the
damaged area replace the plank and
reconnect
but if the damage is more to the center
of the room it may be just as quick to
remove and replace just that damaged
plank cut out the center of the damaged
plank and out to the corners be careful
not to disturb the adjoining planks
remove the plank edges by wiggling the
cut plank out from the tongue-and-groove
the surrounding plants
prepare the replacement plank by cutting
extended piece of the tongue from both
the long and short side and remove the
ledge from the short end groove position
the replacement plank by engaging the
group under the adjoining tongue and
just short of you joining and side
tongue slightly lifted joining Clank
short end tongue in order to tap the
prepared short and groove of the
replacement plank into position apply a
thin application of mannequin MCS 42
seam sealer or Meryton core weld onto
the groove of you joining plank and
hinge the replacement plank into
position
wait to replace plank for at least 15
minutes until the sealer secures to
plank
there you have it mannington adoro would
lock solid technology simple and easy
ride and comfortable the best-performing
floating luxury vinyl evidence